# Microsoft Outlook Graph API Facade for Watsonx Orchestrate

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server .

### Get ACCESS TOKEN
Login to Microsoft Graph.  Select endpoint and press Run Query.  Go to Access Token tab and copy:
https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer

TIP: In WXO, you need to disconnect both DEV and PROD, then re -connect. Switching from basic auth to key/value can help

### Running the server locally

To run the server, run:

```
npm start
```

To view the Swagger UI interface:

```
open http://localhost:8080/docs
```


### Deployment to code engine on IBM Cloud

1.	Open Git Bash shell from VSC

2.	Login to IBM Cloud.

    ibmcloud login --sso

3.	In the IBM Cloud console, go to Manage > Account > Account resources > Resource groups.  Select the resource group for Code Engine. E.g. default

    ibmcloud target -g asc_watsonx

4.	Select the code engine project (e.g. NTC):  

    ibmcloud ce project select -n asc-watsonx

5.	Start Rancher Desktop as admin

    docker login -u ncrowthe -p C****!

7.	Within this folder, edit CEbuild.sh and CErun.sh and change the REGISTRY to your Docker registry.

8.	Open the Ubuntu admin shell, type

    cd /mnt/e/WatsonOrchestrate/git/meetingApi 

10. Execute the following [if script does not run, execute each step individually, or: sed -i -e 's/\r$//' CEbuild]:

./CEbuild

9.	Within Bash shell, deploy the application to Code Engine on IBM Cloud. From the app's folder do:

./CErun

10.	Open the URL using the IBM Cloud Code Engine route for the application



## License

Copyright (c) 2024 IBM Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

